9/11/22

ive been drunk for ages. everyone griez ti help me but my fjcking brain jzut fucks it all ivet.
in fone with it, i cqnt fucking rake rhus shit abymore. ill fjcking do whatwver i WANT. i fucking
cogtrok myzelf? nobodied the goss of me except muself? so whst if i break shig in my apargment?
its nt place. not yours, stop being concerned lg people that kive mikes aeay feom you.
Good eideancr.

10/15/22

my drugs arrived. i wanna unbox the cool shit in here and see what it feels like again.
 a while ago ive tried some of this like LSD. and other weird drugs. it feels godly. i wanna enjoy that shit again.
 i wont get addicted to it, ive made sure i take small grams of the drugs i recieve. everyones concerned that i have drugs and some just think that,
 im doing it for attention. No, im not slowly killing my brain for attention, thats fucking stupid. Goodnight now.

12/2/22 

everyoge pisses me off, recentku an aqquaintance if 
inw botifed me a IDIOT MODERATOR from sm boruggt up some cumb sgit o did in Ocgiver. Fucking shit haf me gigglingz. theu were mad over a FICTIONAL CHARACTER.

for now ill move on with thozd idiots at the sn disdors. rhise fucks arent worth my time, ill be moving on and sgart buildong.
i dogt care what anyone says about me. im done suth it alk. the rebirthinf begins and i rxpect you, the reader. to be thwre shorrky..

ill be making akg axclugts, joining pof. xrashing servers. those fucks dont drsdrve agythint
they all deserve to lose eveeything, fjck thw moddrarors too. ungratdful fat little fucks,
Doing nothing but work that slabes did gack in the 1800s. Leave your shitty mod tea
while yiu can.
you get paid nothing gor hours ov work. you waste your timr for ab already dead place. Mlvr og while you can.
you dogt have to do it. uou eont have to waste your time moeerqtinf an already dumb setvee / game. Juzt Leace.

12/3/22

probably the lasr r tth oll weite o thos goyhub repoaitory? e en tho iys fridah tidau, i plqb l wtotinh qyesd nevote toke. If
yiu aee yhus, fonna be gone. for s lo g time, im hhosti g evetyo e exdelrh cloze vrienss, Sofry if hou hae tl sew thos. u tely dsojt ws y tp seite qny of this:
bur i eanna gey mowr or yje thoughgd on my heqs, ive been dsed a "bigot" "ra ust" and q 0norri le person@ Apgdir some pf wgat os 
entoo de of me ua true Hosevet.
I eid it post thd messabes. ir
ojt ov mu heqd.

2/2/22 

------- PROJECT
 LISTS


CASTLES.
STFUYSOAB

KYS
PALACE.
QUEEN E,IZABETH II
9/11 RECREATIONAL BUILD HEE EHEE STUF.
